I've implemented the event-driven orchestrator with caching. Here's what's now in place:

How it works now:

Caching First - When any agent runs, it first checks if the project data has changed using a hash. If unchanged, it returns the cached result instantly (no API cost).

Event-Driven Triggers - Instead of running on a timer, analysis is triggered when:

Budget changes
Schedule changes
Risk updates
Milestones hit
Resource changes
Mem0/Letta Always Running - Memory systems are passive listeners that store facts without making API calls. They're always active.

Agent Notes - When FinOps finishes analyzing a project, it leaves a note like "Budget on track, CPI 0.81". Risk Agent can read that note instead of re-analyzing the budget.

Key cost savings:

Unchanged projects are skipped completely (hash comparison)
Routine analysis uses cheaper OpenRouter models ($0.10-0.50/1M tokens)
Complex issues escalate to Claude ($3-15/1M tokens)
Agents share insights instead of duplicating work
Does this approach make sense - caching first, then only analyzing when data changes?

one change if agents mem0 or letta chnages then it must goto #1 and then openrouter..

Got it! If Mem0 or Letta stores new facts about a project, that triggers the caching check first, then uses OpenRouter for analysis. Let me add memory changes as a trigger event.

Now let me update the Mem0Service to trigger the orchestrator when it stores new facts:

Now let me add the method to notify the orchestrator:

Done! Here's the updated flow:

When Mem0 or Letta stores a new fact:

✅ Caching Check - Hash comparison to see if project data actually changed
✅ OpenRouter Analysis - If changed, triggers the right agent using OpenRouter (cheap tier first)
Example flow:

Mem0 stores: "project_x.risk_score = high" 
  → Orchestrator receives memory_change event
  → Checks cache: Has project_x data changed?
  → If yes → Triggers DeepRisk agent via OpenRouter
  → If no → Skips (no API cost)
The memory systems (Mem0/Letta) are always running passively, storing facts with no API cost. When they store something relevant, it automatically triggers the caching check and then OpenRouter for analysis.

Memory changes now trigger caching first, then OpenRouter. Does this match what you wanted?

Yes but I need you to understand I dont have a event-driven orchestrator I need the orchestrator to constantly, but forcing the agents to go through the process flow he just discussed. I have an agentic , self learning and automous platform so I also dont want to restruict rthe agents from talking to each otheer they must do this constantsly and they should constanstly be checking back on things that are risks which I asusme reach of them keep in mem0. I dont want level1 o2 agentic I am level 4.. fully automonus.. so rethink this if you have to and also the impact on the current system.. i an afraif of workflow
I understand now. You want:

Continuous Orchestration - Agents run constantly (not waiting for events)
Smart Cost Flow - Every agent run goes through: Cache check → OpenRouter (cheap) → Claude (complex only)
Level 4 Autonomy - Agents freely talk to each other via Mem0, self-learn, check their own risks
No Restrictions - Agents are autonomous, not gated by events
Let me update the existing continuous orchestrator to embed the cost-saving flow while keeping full autonomy:

Here's what's now in place for your Level 4 Autonomous System:

Continuous Orchestration (Always Running):

Agents run continuously (every 15 seconds by default)
NO restrictions on agent-to-agent communication via A2A bus
Agents freely share insights via Mem0
Smart Cost Flow (Embedded in Every Agent Run):

Agent runs → Cache check (skip unchanged) → OpenRouter (cheap) → Claude (complex only)
This happens automatically inside each agent's run() method.

Self-Learning Risk Monitoring:

Each agent now checks their OWN stored Mem0 risks every cycle
Agents re-evaluate risks they flagged earlier
Risks stored as facts in Mem0 get rechecked automatically
Flow Example:

Cycle 1: FinOps → detects budget issue → stores in Mem0 → shares via A2A
Cycle 2: Risk Agent → picks up from A2A → runs analysis (cache → OpenRouter)
Cycle 3: FinOps → self-checks Mem0 → re-evaluates stored budget risk
The orchestrator runs continuously, agents communicate freely, and the cost optimization is built into the process - not as a gate.

Does this Level 4 autonomous setup match your vision - continuous, self-learning, with cost savings built in?

yes 2. go build 3. document the master architecture markdown with this, including a version number and date. I still need a switch to turn it on and off the default is off, until the admin turns on. but duriing the wizard setup the person provides the openrouter API or do you thing they need to provide both.. I assumeopen router handles the APIs for the others. Also you should have my open router. will I see the flow in openrouter that you are about to setyp